---
layout: post
title: "Lucky"
date: 2022-07-04
---

By Ryan

---

By most accounts, Lou Gehrig was one of the greatest baseball players and he is known for many things related to baseball. He played in 2,130 consecutive games between 1925 and 1939 and was dubbed the "Iron Horse." He was an All-Star 7 years in a row, was MVP twice, won 6 World Series titles, and was a Triple Crown winner. He is also perhaps the most well-known sufferer of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), or what is often referred to as Lou Gehrig's disease. 
After removing himself from the lineup and retiring shortly after due to his diminishing strength, the Yankees declared July 4, 1939, to be Lou Gehrig Appreciation Day. On that day, between the games of a double header, he delivered the following speech (per lougehrig.com):

>“For the past two weeks you have been reading about a bad break. Yet today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth. I have been in ballparks for seventeen years and have never received anything but kindness and encouragement from you fans.
>
>“When you look around, wouldn’t you consider it a privilege to associate yourself with such a fine looking men as they’re standing in uniform in this ballpark today? Sure, I’m lucky. Who wouldn’t consider it an honor to have known Jacob Ruppert? Also, the builder of baseball’s greatest empire, Ed Barrow? To have spent six years with that wonderful little fellow, Miller Huggins? Then to have spent the next nine years with that outstanding leader, that smart student of psychology, the best manager in baseball today, Joe McCarthy? Sure, I’m lucky.
>
>“When the New York Giants, a team you would give your right arm to beat, and vice versa, sends you a gift – that’s something. When everybody down to the groundskeepers and those boys in white coats remember you with trophies – that’s something. When you have a wonderful mother-in-law who takes sides with you in squabbles with her own daughter – that’s something. When you have a father and a mother who work all their lives so you can have an education and build your body – it’s a blessing. When you have a wife who has been a tower of strength and shown more courage than you dreamed existed – that’s the finest I know.
>
>“So I close in saying that I might have been given a bad break, but I’ve got an awful lot to live for. Thank you.”
>
>– Lou Gehrig

This message is an excellent example of one demonstrating tranquility in the face of adversity. Lou Gehrig delivered an exemplary message of gratitude and praise. For both the fortune he had lived and the qualities he observed in others.
